You're so sure I don't have an invitation?
Even our Lin family
It also depends on the top families
The invitation letter that the Xiao family just got
Trash like you
I'm afraid even in this lifetime
You haven't even seen what the invitation letter looks like
How dare you not talk about it here?
Maybe Liu Qingxue is a bitch?
Who did you sleep with?
You can sleep until an invitation letter, haha.
Too much you
You rubbish
You dare to hit me and I will kill you, can you believe it?
This person not only lacks an invitation letter
He also openly attacked the soldiers who participated in the military king's banquet
I think they're just here to make trouble.
Grab his legs and they're all blue
Should interrupt his self-knowledge
Throw it in the trash and go back
The invitation letter is here
Who dares to do it?
I dare to run how can you ask
You don't have to do it anymore, okay?
Let's go
Hahaha Xiao Chen
You want to forge an invitation?
At least go out and find out
Only bronze was distributed at this king's banquet
Baiyun
Invitation letters for these four grades of gold and diamonds
You're holding a piece of black paper.
You still want to get away with it?
Forged invitation letter
Sin is unforgivable
A group of frogs in a well
It's pitifully stupid
Just because you haven't seen it doesn't mean you haven't
This is a supreme invitation
You can't
Supreme Invitation
But the highest-grade invitation letter at this king's banquet
Only dead adults do
Only death may be in your hands
Is that possible?
This invitation
It was given to us by Lord Junhou himself
Only beautiful kings can hold the Supreme Gold Invitation Letter
It's not the best
This
self-guilt
Nice
The supreme invitees who pretended to lead the king's feast
In the midst of sin
Why isn't that possible?